New html term label (redo) (#1429)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/elements/terms/label/label.md

---
Title: '<label>'

> Description: 'Identifies captions for HTML Form elements such as <input> and other UI elements.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Identifies captions for other elements in an HTML document.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Elements'
  - 'Form'
  - 'Label'
  - 'Input'
  - 'Interface'
  - 'Tags'
  - 'UI'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`<label/>`** element is used to identify captions for other HTML elements. `<label/>` is most commonly used with form UI elements such as the [`<input>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/input/input.md) element. The `<label>` tag also supports the *Event Attributes* and the *Global Attributes* in HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`<label>`** element is used to identify captions for other elements. It is most commonly used with [form](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/forms) UI elements such as the [`<input>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/input/input.md) and [`<select>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/select) elements.
```

## Syntax

```html

> <label>Label display text</label>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<label for="">
  <!-- Labeled content goes here -->
</label>

<!-- Labeled elements, not contained -->
```

Author: i wanted to save the "labeled elements ..." for the usage section? thoughts?

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In addition to having access to event-driven and global attributes, the `<label>` element uses an optional `for` attribute to match the `id` of one or both of the following:

- A single, valid control element that is nested within the `<label>` element.
- One or more control elements that exist elsewhere in the document, outside the `<label>` element.

> **Note:** Placing interactive elements (e.g., [`<a>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/a) and [`<button>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/button)) inside of a `<label>` poses accessibility issues where the form input becomes difficult to use. Therefore, these elements should be defined outside the `<label>`. 
```

Author: Also, placing this in the usage section

> ## Usages
> 
> The `<label>` tag can define a label for several elements:
> 
> - [`<input>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/input)
> - [`<select>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/select)
> - `<meter>`
> - `<progress>`
> - `<textarea>`
> 
> **Note:** `<label>` tags are essential for good accessbility. '<label>' tags creates captions for its coresponding UI elements. Also, when a user clicks the text within the `<label>` element, it toggles the corresponding input. This is great for users who have difficulty clicking on small UI elements such as checkboxes.
> 
> ## Atributes
> 
> Some common attributes used to set properties for the `<label>` element are shown below:
> 
> - `for`: Specifies the id of the form element the `<label>` should be bound to.
> - `form`:  Specifies which form the `<label>` belongs to.
> 
> Multiple label elements can be used for the same UI element.
> 
> ```html
> <form id="contact">
>   <label form="contact" for="name">Input Label</label>
>   <input id="name" />
> </form>
> ```
> 
> > **Note:** UI elements can be connected to any `<label>` element when placed between `<label></label>` tags.
> 
> The following examples uses a `<form>` element that features `<input>` elements with corresponding `<label>` tags:
> 
> ```html
> <label for="name">
>   Name Input Label
>   <input id="name" />
> </label>
> ```
> 
> ## Multiple labels
> 
> Multiple `<label>` elements can be used for the same UI element.
> 
> ```html
> <label for="name">Name Input Label
> <input id="name" />
> <label for="name">Warning: Name is required</label>
> ```
> 
> > **Note:** Do not place anchors, buttons, or any interactive UI element, between  `<label></label>` tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Example

> The following example uses a `<form>` element that features `<input>` elements with coresponding `<label>` tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses a `<form>` element that features `<input>` elements with corresponding `<label>` elements:
```

Author: done

```html
<html>
  <head> </head>
  <body>
    <form>
      <label for="email">Email Address</label>
      <input id="email" type="email" />

      <label for="password">Password</label>
      <input id="password" type="password" />

      <input type="checkbox" /><label>Remember Me</label>

      <label>
        <input type="radio" value="yes" name="contact_me" />
        Business Account
      </label>
      <label>
        <input type="radio" value="no" name="contact_me" />
        Personal

>       </label>

Author: removing image for now, it was borrowed from the input page.

---
Title: '<label>'
Description: 'Identifies captions for HTML Form elements such as <input> and other UI elements.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Elements'
  - 'Form'
  - 'Label'
  - 'Input'
  - 'Interface'
  - 'Tags'
  - 'UI'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The `<label/>` element is used to identify captions for other HTML elements. `<label/>` is most commonly used with form ui elements such as the [`<input>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/input/input.md) element. The `<label>` tag also supports the *Event Attributes* and the *Global Attributes* in HTML.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`<label/>`** element is used to identify captions for other HTML elements. `<label/>` is most commonly used with form UI elements such as the [`<input>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/input/input.md) element. The `<label>` tag also supports the *Event Attributes* and the *Global Attributes* in HTML.
```

## Syntax

```html
<label>Label display text</label>
```

## Usages

The `<label>` tag can define a label for several elements:

- [`<input>`](../input/input.md)

> - [`<meter>`](../meter/meter.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `<meter>`
```

Page doesn't exist yet.

> - [`<progress>`](../progressput/progress.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `<progress>`
```

Page doesn't exist yet.

- [`<select>`](../select/select.md)

> - [`<textarea>`](../textarea/textarea.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `<textarea>`
```

page doesn't exist yet

> > **Note:** `<label>` tags are essential for good accessbility.

Reviewer 2: Can we make this note a single paragraph opposed to a bulleted list?

```html
<label for="name">
  Name Input Label
  <input id="name" />
</label>
```

## Multiple labels

Multiple `<label>` elements can be used for the same UI element.

```html
<label for="name">Name Input Label
<input id="name" />
<label for="name">Warning: Name is required</label>
```

> **Note:** Do not place anchors, buttons, or any interactive UI element, between  `<label></label>` tags.

## Example

The following example uses a `<form>` element that features `<input>` elements with coresponding `<label>` tags:

```html
<html>
  <head> </head>
  <body>
    <form>
      <label for="email">Email Address</label>
      <input id="email" type="email" />

      <label for="password">Password</label>
      <input id="password" type="password" />

      <input type="checkbox" /><label>Remember Me</label>

      <label>
        <input type="radio" value="yes" name="contact_me" />
        Business Account
      </label>
      <label>
        <input type="radio" value="no" name="contact_me" />
        Personal
      </label>

      <input type="submit" value="Submit" />
    </form>
  </body>
</html>
```

> ![Rendered <input> tag example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/input-tag-example.png)

Reviewer 2: The image needs to be added to this PR.

Author: I am not sure I understand what to do here.

I think I copied that image from the <input> definition since it had an <label> in it. We could remove it

Reviewer 2: Oh, is this an existing issue? Then never mind.
